Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
Today we're going to finalize that feature and you're a part of this project by applying feature engineering
to the scream list.
If you can remember this screen this was a comma separated string that told us which queens were visited
in the 24 hour period because the way is we can now use it for a model.
We need to convert it into actual format that the model can be one of them is going to be making each
queen into their own calls way.
But because there are so many screens this is going to blow up the amount of ALL THOSE ARE THE it.
Luckily for us in this project we spoke to a fellow Annaliese and he told us what are the top screens
that people use the most.
So we're going to leverage that data set and we're going to apply it to the change here.
So in the file that you guys have for the class you guys are given this new data set.
We're going to read it.
We're going to be in school to call touchscreens that CSB which is good.
This is going to give us the top screens we're going to select that top squeeze column because that
dataset has one column just off screens.
We're going to get out so we can get an array of all the bells well really great.
So let's look at here.
If we run off screens we see there is a list of most popular screens.
It looks good.
Now we're only going to create calls for putting their screens in for the rest.
We're going to create another column for this.
So how are we going to do that.
Well we're going to do it this way with the first map.
Each of those screens by separating and from the street into their own little little bit.
So screenplays
which is the field that we call the screens and we begin by just simply adding a car.
Now what does is called my chief You may as well it achieves is that he creates as many commerce as
there are secrets because there's going to be always one less command and screen we can use the cards
to count properly.
So by the way this is going to make a life mission in future you guys want to see the next last one.
This is it not too great a code for each of those stops screens to go on it just look.
We're going to iterate over every stop screen for screaming touch screens.
So far so good.
And then we're going to bring a new home with the name of that screen name.
And we're going to do it as follows.
We're going to get the screen less so far so good.
Then we're going to compare as a street which is just set up as we are.
And we wanted to check if that name of screens actually contains the touch screen.
So you can see what this is going to return is a Boolean turnoffs.
So obviously we want to compare it to an integer.
So we're going to call it as tight love it and this can make it into your winners here.
They were actually going to promote the GUI from the listo screens would work.
So it's quaint less we're going to edit this column.
We're going to source state or set up Skree less Obamacare industry replace the display screen name
and its associated comma for an empty string.
It's pretty much just replaces that screen from the main list of scripts that we have.
And that's it.
And then we're going to run the staking second and get it finished.
Now we are of course going to be left over with the screens that we're not in this list of popular top
screens.
So to get back you are those questions.
Well we're going to get a final call a call.
Well this column is going to indicate is how many is left over to get.
So this is going to be split screen less shrink of course and then we're going to count how many combers
are left and of course this is why we added that at the beginning so that we can Caspary easily at the
end.
Great.
So this run is so good.
So now that we have done this feature and we definitely have no need for the screenies So we're going
to drop it all at once.
He goes scream this great.
So we run this as well and it's over.
The final thing that we're going to work here is going to be the facts.
So what are facts.
Finals are a group of screens that belong to the same set.
OK.
So there are many schools that are the core corollary chillar that of course we don't want co-related
schools because they cause problems with the model.
So in order to get rid of that correlation and still keep the value of those screens we're going to
grow all those screens into one fund.
If they don't do the one funnel then it becomes a one column of how many screens it contains.
Remove the correlation and we skip that.
So to make it a little more sense I want to show you how is this going to work like this.
First we create a list of all the school stuff a lot of fun though.
Luckily I have knowledge which cream belongs to which And if you work on this project you may know your
product as well.
And for the saving screen we have to say one sentence two cents or two amounted to four five six seven
eight nine ten.
So all these sequences belong to the saving sequence front.
So we run it works as well.
And then we're going to call that new call dataset that savings count which is a count of the saving
screens and we're simply going to do savings.
Screens that some how many of those we have found access because one quick.
So what this does is that it count all the calls to have these names and sums it all.
So the three of those teams are populated then that's a total of three.
So savings account is valued at three and that we can actually get rid of those columns.
But again dropping so is kind of dropped calls.
And will that be the latest savings say these things so we run this and that's it.
We remove all the screens for the from the columns because they're very correlated.
And we added together as this savings count them because we still wanted to get some value from that
we're going to do this for multiple fights because there is a couple funnels.
I'm simply going to copy and paste in here and you want to see how that works.
That clearly maunderings screens that belong together appropriate to their offer the credit card squeezed
together into their own final and the long squeeze that worked together.
Again we do this because this means that we are going to be strongly correlated and we don't want Coralee
fields in our business.
So at the very end we're going to see what we ended up with if we do say that hey we see that the final
call has all the numerical codes that squeak all amps and the phone calls and that's pretty much hey
we can also do it.
Should Use them when you guys want to see how each will have each what happens.
So again you see a bunch of distributions like we see in the B.
Finally we can also I mean do you guys want to really see look into contract here and they are all the
carnage that we have all the squinched that matter all the finals.
And again it's the other screen.
And a couple few fields right here.
So to make sure that we save all this work going forward.
We're going to same way to its own cost to its own data.
So we're going to say to CSC how we're going to hold that new data because then you IP that 10 is pretty
much in your version of the retina.
And I always add this because false because I don't care to say that index that X is right here.
We run this and say and that's it.
We finished the entire pre-processing part of our product.
Thanks a lot for watching.
Next time we're going to begin that you should stop and we'll start building the actual mine that is
going to be easier for easier process.
But you guys are going to understand everything that we have done so far is because of that it is to
make that viable process and easy.
So you next week.